c:\users\aburindina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Animal\Animal\obj\Debug\Animal.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\aburindina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Animal\Animal\bin\Animal.dll.config
c:\users\aburindina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Animal\Animal\bin\Animal.dll
c:\users\aburindina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Animal\Animal\bin\Animal.pdb
c:\users\aburindina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Animal\Animal\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\aburindina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Animal\Animal\bin\Autofac.dll
c:\users\aburindina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Animal\Animal\bin\Autofac.Integration.Mvc.dll
c:\users\aburindina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Animal\Animal\bin\Dapper.dll
c:\users\aburindina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Animal\Animal\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\aburindina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Animal\Animal\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\aburindina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Animal\Animal\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\aburindina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Animal\Animal\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\aburindina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Animal\Animal\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\aburindina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Animal\Animal\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\aburindina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Animal\Animal\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\aburindina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Animal\Animal\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\aburindina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Animal\Animal\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\aburindina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Animal\Animal\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\aburindina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Animal\Animal\bin\Autofac.xml
c:\users\aburindina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Animal\Animal\bin\Autofac.Integration.Mvc.xml
c:\users\aburindina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Animal\Animal\bin\Dapper.pdb
c:\users\aburindina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Animal\Animal\bin\Dapper.xml
c:\users\aburindina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Animal\Animal\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\aburindina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Animal\Animal\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\aburindina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Animal\Animal\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\aburindina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Animal\Animal\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\aburindina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Animal\Animal\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\aburindina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Animal\Animal\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\aburindina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Animal\Animal\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\aburindina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Animal\Animal\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\aburindina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Animal\Animal\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\aburindina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Animal\Animal\obj\Debug\Animal.dll
c:\users\aburindina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Animal\Animal\obj\Debug\Animal.pdb
C:\Nastya\project\Animal\Animal\bin\Animal.dll.config
C:\Nastya\project\Animal\Animal\bin\Animal.dll
C:\Nastya\project\Animal\Animal\bin\Animal.pdb
C:\Nastya\project\Animal\Animal\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Nastya\project\Animal\Animal\bin\Autofac.dll
C:\Nastya\project\Animal\Animal\bin\Autofac.Integration.Mvc.dll
C:\Nastya\project\Animal\Animal\bin\Dapper.dll
C:\Nastya\project\Animal\Animal\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Nastya\project\Animal\Animal\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Nastya\project\Animal\Animal\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Nastya\project\Animal\Animal\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Nastya\project\Animal\Animal\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Nastya\project\Animal\Animal\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Nastya\project\Animal\Animal\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Nastya\project\Animal\Animal\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Nastya\project\Animal\Animal\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Nastya\project\Animal\Animal\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Nastya\project\Animal\Animal\bin\Autofac.xml
C:\Nastya\project\Animal\Animal\bin\Autofac.Integration.Mvc.xml
C:\Nastya\project\Animal\Animal\bin\Dapper.pdb
C:\Nastya\project\Animal\Animal\bin\Dapper.xml
C:\Nastya\project\Animal\Animal\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Nastya\project\Animal\Animal\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Nastya\project\Animal\Animal\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Nastya\project\Animal\Animal\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Nastya\project\Animal\Animal\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Nastya\project\Animal\Animal\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Nastya\project\Animal\Animal\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Nastya\project\Animal\Animal\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Nastya\project\Animal\Animal\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Nastya\project\Animal\Animal\obj\Debug\Animal.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Nastya\project\Animal\Animal\obj\Debug\Animal.dll
C:\Nastya\project\Animal\Animal\obj\Debug\Animal.pdb
